hey guys pots here on the PBE here to
show you guys a preview of a rogue
Admiral Garen the new 750 RP garand skin
he's part of a whole series of pirate
bay skins coming with the bilge water
event patch thing you know it's coming
with the black market brawlers and the
GP were reworking all that stuff so
let's go through all the animations and
that stuff here we go come you will find
honor death I could do this for hours
really alright it's alright let's go
wash off his abilities versus some
monsters vs is the auto attack back off
mister Q alright so the next thing we'll
do is I'll just show you guys the fact
that it doesn't really haven't recall
animation stands there like that oh
let's cancel last and why don't we
teleport up here to some minions and
then kill misfortune she doesn't want to
fight us
we're Garin so we can
and there's y'all so yeah the spell
effects and that stuff are all the same
as far as i can tell you some builders a
little bit more now for 750 RP skin
series in fact i think all the pirate
skins is 750 or RP out to top of my head
yeah for like the cheapest tier of skin
I don't know I just in my opinion the
rights getting really good about the the
cheap skins like I know before they I
you know they look cheap but much like
the the dinosaur skins what he called
the prehistoric skins it so the work was
I'm this whole series of skin is
proteins are pretty cool my opinion it's
got a nice aesthetic to them actually I
really like the the splash art for all
of them they look really cool we let's
do the death animation and that's it for
now just been a bit well misfortunes
gonna get the kill my not
alright that's dead Karen Karen so I
once again this was a rogue Admiral
Garin thanks for watching I have a whole
bunch of other pirate skins to go
through I should be able to get through
most of them if not all of them in the
next week or so so thanks for watching
guys and I'll see you around